Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45672us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17511us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15896us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 48324us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7870us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7819us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7710us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7474us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9101us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7182us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7218us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7105us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7268us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7479us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8652us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6976us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7407us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7553us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6969us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6903us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6975us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6946us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7028us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6962us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6948us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11506us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7584us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7019us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7057us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6719us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4310us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4201us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4228us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4208us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4278us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4315us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4241us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4260us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4314us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6382us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4251us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4316us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4269us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4311us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4253us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4247us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4257us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4232us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4229us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4686us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4254us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5702us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5650us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6050us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6040us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6109us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6067us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7733us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4293us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4283us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4240us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4230us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4658us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3822us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3707us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3743us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3751us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3795us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3748us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3749us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3747us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3772us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3773us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3760us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3810us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3771us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3813us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6478us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5902us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5894us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6001us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6077us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6089us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5960us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6052us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5942us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5920us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5921us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5905us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5904us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5992us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6023us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6057us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5597us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3732us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3712us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3734us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3934us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4317us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5368us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4761us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5467us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5576us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5610us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5473us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5489us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5497us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11544us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3829us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3756us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2345us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 423us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 416us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 432us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 423us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 427us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 501us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 440us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 430us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 418us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 446us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 424us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 432us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 440us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 430us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 418us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 416us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 418us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 472us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 448us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 673us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 447us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 430us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 445us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 424us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Bounce.grace: iterations=200 average: 4496us total: 899250us



Total Runtime:899250us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 86409us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 37273us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53349us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26118us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21889us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19964us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 20335us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18961us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18904us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 20370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18742us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21351us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18982us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18804us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18961us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17951us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 20313us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17529us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17243us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17630us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17566us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17596us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28604us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24947us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17995us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17489us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17719us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21635us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21176us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28846us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29109us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27041us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29363us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28954us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13743us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1344us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1410us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1409us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 964us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1423us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1462us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1353us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1362us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1438us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1446us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1460us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1348us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4498us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 881us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 883us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 868us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 879us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 872us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 878us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 870us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 874us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 883us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 858us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 870us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 857us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 868us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 874us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 868us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 872us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 857us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 878us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 878us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 857us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 858us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 869us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 869us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 869us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 872us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 881us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 853us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 892us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 897us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 868us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 879us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 852us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 852us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 872us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 853us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 885us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1106us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1176us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1113us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1129us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 950us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 858us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1041us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1106us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1123us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1373us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1120us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Fannkuch.grace: iterations=200 average: 5414us total: 1082927us



Total Runtime:1082927us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 109658us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 93357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49778us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46012us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47058us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45988us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39883us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 40612us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36414us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 37599us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39438us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 37066us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14175us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14479us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14367us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16701us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21376us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23679us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24276us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23591us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24132us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24502us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23894us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24166us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18526us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13725us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13692us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9673us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1040us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1058us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1051us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1044us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1036us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1034us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1046us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1037us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1041us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1048us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1039us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1052us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1041us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1036us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1051us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1041us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1052us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1030us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1043us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1049us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1052us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1059us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1046us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1049us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 876us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 853us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 886us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1504us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 848us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 852us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 845us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 876us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 844us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 844us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 857us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 931us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1124us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1203us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1134us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1121us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1057us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 848us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1128us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1179us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1123us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1130us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1124us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1133us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1132us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1128us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1129us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1131us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1120us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5148us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1434us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1478us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1440us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1476us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1471us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1501us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1500us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1366us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1443us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1494us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1496us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1463us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1482us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1366us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1479us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1408us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1490us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1470us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1478us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1471us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1473us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1469us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1448us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1429us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1365us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1518us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1187us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1454us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1108us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 981us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1485us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1473us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1470us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1503us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1302us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1459us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1495us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1400us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1366us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1455us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1477us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1502us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1483us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1281us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1044us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1059us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 878us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1462us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1471us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1317us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1467us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1448us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1488us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1473us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1471us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1399us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1510us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/List.grace: iterations=200 average: 6410us total: 1282086us



Total Runtime:1282086us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 333us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 277us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 253us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 290us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 245us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 215us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 285us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 214us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 202us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 178us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 245us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 191us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 259us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 135us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 148us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 119us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 194us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 103us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 117us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 117us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 107us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 105us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 123us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 95us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 91us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 93us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 109us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 91us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 86us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 87us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 102us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 90us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 90us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 124us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 104us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 88us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 87us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 77us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 77us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 86us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 77us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 81us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 74us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 90us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 68us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 82us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 68us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 67us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 65us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 90us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 67us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 71us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 75us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 68us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 65us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 66us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 66us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 78us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 69us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 64us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 90us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 65us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 65us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 63us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 70us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 63us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 75us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 64us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 63us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 69us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 65us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 62us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 69us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 67us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 67us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 68us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 73us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 60us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 57us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 58us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 75us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 64us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 70us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 60us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 57us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3661us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 62us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 51us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 54us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 55us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 54us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 54us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 57us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 48us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 67us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 55us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 48us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 65us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 48us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 48us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 54us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 48us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 52us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 50us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 52us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 55us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 44us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 71us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 52us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 61us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 52us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 40us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Mandelbrot.grace: iterations=200 average: 135us total: 27119us



Total Runtime:27119us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13527us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2192us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1523us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1360us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1230us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 990us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1883us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 830us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 714us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 740us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 706us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 708us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 723us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 638us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 683us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 647us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 566us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 633us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 556us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1452us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 478us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 462us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 412us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 428us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 391us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 398us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 399us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 373us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3791us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 434us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 407us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 351us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 436us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 386us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 350us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 324us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 375us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 356us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 300us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 342us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 389us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 281us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 276us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 299us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 284us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 276us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 292us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 269us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 251us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 269us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 258us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 209us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 225us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 311us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 211us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 309us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 215us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 195us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 194us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 190us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 179us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 358us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 499us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 411us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 389us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 277us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 221us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 187us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 180us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 214us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 192us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 170us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 179us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 206us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 186us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 193us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 191us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 192us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 225us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 198us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 198us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 189us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 197us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 187us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 187us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 183us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 194us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 174us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 199us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 180us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 156us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 170us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 152us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 152us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 156us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 152us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 173us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 189us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 189us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 156us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 184us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 329us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 254us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 328us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/NBody.grace: iterations=200 average: 383us total: 76788us



Total Runtime:76788us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 55684us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12390us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39271us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14069us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13976us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10290us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8298us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8243us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8305us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8237us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10137us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8297us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8208us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8259us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8551us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8202us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8544us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8244us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8198us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8207us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8182us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8500us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9074us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5196us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5243us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6572us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5104us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5068us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5374us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8134us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5884us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8765us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5232us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5256us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5064us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5067us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5044us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5311us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5922us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5766us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5780us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5818us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5097us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6995us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6556us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7526us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6453us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6406us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6746us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10479us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5182us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5522us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5215us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4676us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4730us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4797us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4717us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4748us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4353us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2367us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2503us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2484us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2762us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2816us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2492us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2390us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2543us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2849us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2579us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2465us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2356us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2382us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2452us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2379us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2394us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2955us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2574us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2395us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2396us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2393us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2411us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2510us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2380us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2349us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2353us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2363us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2402us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2345us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2330us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2349us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2346us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2432us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2353us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2354us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2352us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2390us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2367us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2457us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2384us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2390us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2366us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2348us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2468us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2376us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2350us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2347us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2358us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2336us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2329us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2437us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2340us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2349us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2346us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2346us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2380us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3334us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3372us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3183us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2576us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3324us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3435us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3599us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3805us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3376us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3788us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3968us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3323us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3273us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3288us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3386us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3297us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3255us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3252us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3372us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3266us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3265us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6847us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2472us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2379us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2334us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2342us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2344us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2329us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2336us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2336us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2325us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2470us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2428us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2372us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2630us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2713us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2688us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2759us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2578us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2352us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2342us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2339us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Permute.grace: iterations=200 average: 4995us total: 999167us



Total Runtime:999167us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 62552us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13611us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10673us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15334us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41480us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6272us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5234us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5186us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5045us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4945us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4832us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4828us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4756us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4728us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4753us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4775us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4785us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5028us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4759us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5275us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4731us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4736us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4722us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5206us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4896us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5428us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6263us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7554us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6709us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5110us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5445us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4999us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4832us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4869us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5212us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5306us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4779us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4780us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4743us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4722us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4762us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6910us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4683us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4783us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4801us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4795us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4783us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4762us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4737us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4754us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4858us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4883us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4778us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4843us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4767us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4823us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3606us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3087us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3431us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3768us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4728us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5445us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5380us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5190us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5375us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5580us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5522us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5371us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8077us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3070us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3067us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3220us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3081us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3523us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5457us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5527us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5384us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5331us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5252us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5606us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5338us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6083us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5285us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5567us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5698us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5231us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5780us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6233us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5437us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5455us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5683us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5697us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5733us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5497us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5382us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2942us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2995us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3023us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2966us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2633us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2637us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2847us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2915us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2908us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2775us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2606us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2648us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2925us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1659us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1592us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1590us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1576us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1594us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1571us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1578us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1692us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1761us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1575us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1589us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1568us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1596us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1567us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1564us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1589us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1559us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1614us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1563us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1590us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1596us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1608us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1584us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1590us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1664us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1599us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1609us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1610us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1658us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1585us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1630us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1836us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1960us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1999us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2020us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1971us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1794us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1878us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2175us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1992us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2559us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1984us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1942us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1978us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2034us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2014us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2030us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2060us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1976us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1974us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1974us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1971us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6842us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1740us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2207us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1914us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1933us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1898us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1810us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1760us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1086us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1028us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1020us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Queens.grace: iterations=200 average: 4264us total: 852886us



Total Runtime:852886us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31404us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7636us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3972us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3476us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3001us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2379us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1840us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1782us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1999us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1912us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1705us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1456us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1401us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1349us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1744us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5950us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1148us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1118us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1080us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1097us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1062us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1091us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1067us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1094us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 992us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 987us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 995us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 988us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 994us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 987us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1000us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1081us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1037us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 988us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 986us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1005us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1022us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1007us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1000us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 995us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 986us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1329us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29418us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1928us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1663us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1016us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1233us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1025us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1024us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1005us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1044us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1015us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1032us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1021us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1004us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1015us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1009us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1014us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 999us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1019us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1248us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1009us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1025us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1002us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1004us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1045us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1007us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1548us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1938us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1697us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1657us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1698us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1723us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1655us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1659us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1649us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1646us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1655us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1659us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1647us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1638us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1059us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1002us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1011us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1012us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1018us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1660us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1760us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1465us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1210us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1071us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1249us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1282us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 998us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1300us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1250us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1568us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1183us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1358us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1000us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 997us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 993us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 999us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1000us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1103us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 994us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1002us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1000us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1007us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1010us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1012us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 999us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1018us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1292us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1684us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1371us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1034us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1037us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1110us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1104us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1050us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1069us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1797us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1482us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1580us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1175us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1363us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1773us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1674us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1268us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1777us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1356us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1508us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1446us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1622us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1105us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1016us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1614us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1148us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1305us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1817us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2016us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1468us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1874us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1632us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1605us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1753us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 988us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1278us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1393us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Sieve.grace: iterations=200 average: 1715us total: 343079us



Total Runtime:343079us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 54041us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22977us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12378us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39303us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9542us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8951us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8931us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8229us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7823us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6845us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6813us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8011us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6540us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6708us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6755us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7452us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6813us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6516us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8092us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6460us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6728us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6868us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6404us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6332us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6457us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6383us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6412us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6396us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6476us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6306us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6385us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6348us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6400us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3882us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3305us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3332us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3333us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3320us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3349us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3459us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3411us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5354us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5899us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5904us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5913us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4192us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3371us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3435us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3393us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3350us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3439us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3394us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3386us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3377us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4707us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5004us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5641us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6056us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7804us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7899us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3383us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3423us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3468us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3436us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3374us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3393us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4362us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5971us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6345us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5941us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5264us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5251us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5338us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5248us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3763us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5122us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5257us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5307us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5319us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6069us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7919us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5516us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5441us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5363us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5328us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5334us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4783us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3270us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3075us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3062us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3095us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3209us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3320us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3090us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3752us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3805us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3536us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3757us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3713us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3478us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4439us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4637us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3843us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4655us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4725us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4654us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4716us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4638us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4885us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4697us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9173us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5288us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5004us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5299us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5292us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5257us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4660us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4648us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5480us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5326us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5283us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5271us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4094us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3607us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4099us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4820us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5434us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5373us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5645us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5810us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5074us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5250us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5279us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5289us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5268us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5364us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5318us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5043us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11605us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5369us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5355us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5364us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5229us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5377us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4896us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5348us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5305us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5340us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5236us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5262us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5308us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5454us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5337us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5540us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5452us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5309us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5665us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5409us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5306us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5378us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5337us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6454us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7242us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7174us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7333us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7198us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Storage.grace: iterations=200 average: 5923us total: 1184714us



Total Runtime:1184714us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 89918us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 69614us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19956us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22744us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18461us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18530us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 20982us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18183us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21409us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18548us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13441us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9755us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9923us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13565us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9947us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9839us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9915us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9755us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10270us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9812us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9879us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12339us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9734us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9944us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9813us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9001us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8324us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8459us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9067us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9922us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10599us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10450us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10542us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12391us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7937us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7764us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7961us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7843us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8637us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8982us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9333us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8711us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7922us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7837us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7827us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7880us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17026us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11073us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8910us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8998us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8692us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5443us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4481us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1893us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1908us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1923us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1887us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1848us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1931us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1915us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2340us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1897us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2096us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1887us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1840us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1847us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1878us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1915us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2052us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1858us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1842us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1899us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1895us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2559us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2215us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1909us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2007us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2911us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3254us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2711us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1875us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2253us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2617us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2558us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2622us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2529us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2592us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2515us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2525us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2552us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2510us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2569us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2573us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2540us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2560us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2513us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2545us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2571us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5841us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1919us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1920us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1886us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1876us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1882us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1874us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1902us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1898us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1885us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1885us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1870us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1849us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1934us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1876us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1920us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1887us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1890us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2495us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1900us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2485us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1874us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1905us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1870us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1883us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1870us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1872us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1847us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1860us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1830us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1853us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1844us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1831us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1912us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1825us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1899us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1852us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1822us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1851us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1838us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1878us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1872us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1841us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1842us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1847us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1820us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1873us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1845us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1887us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1915us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6737us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3130us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Towers.grace: iterations=200 average: 5738us total: 1147758us



Total Runtime:1147758us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 824595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 517013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 487388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 213882us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 126906us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 103183us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 92232us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 92415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 83021us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 75271us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 58885us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 81667us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53489us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 54415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 58203us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 62095us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49224us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49437us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 69034us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 61322us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 51573us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 48540us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53800us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38503us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46891us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42062us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36694us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 40731us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35362us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32056us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32187us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33573us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42731us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32794us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32800us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35075us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32380us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32360us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34250us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34548us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53426us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31509us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34194us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35831us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43091us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34198us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33847us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33585us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33408us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34124us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31950us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32261us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42656us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32690us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32285us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31684us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31100us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31259us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31823us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28777us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28327us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29166us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29849us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29659us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29769us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29636us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29545us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47396us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29283us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29369us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29350us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35792us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29405us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35281us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39862us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24474us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23498us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23406us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35329us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24031us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24992us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24668us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24530us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24412us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24951us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36421us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 25397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24073us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24966us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22711us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24191us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27822us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24736us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9257us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4957us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11822us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5514us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5249us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5339us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6297us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5465us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5087us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5620us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4961us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6707us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5331us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4491us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6201us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4718us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4727us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6310us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4615us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4612us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4598us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4600us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4869us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5467us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5102us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5124us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4794us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4976us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4634us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5200us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4652us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7224us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6734us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6680us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7454us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6311us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6112us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6432us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6695us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7200us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7255us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4760us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4268us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4288us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4347us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4354us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4338us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4345us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4341us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4368us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4438us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5214us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4467us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4352us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4378us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4423us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4680us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4454us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4451us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4755us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4376us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4455us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4709us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4452us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4530us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4450us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4644us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4347us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4779us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13297us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4516us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4675us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4487us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4440us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5222us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4321us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4269us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/CD.grace: iterations=200 average: 33641us total: 6728328us



Total Runtime:6728328us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33241us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11375us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7767us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6625us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4768us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3782us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3853us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10263us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3309us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3395us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2670us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 61436us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2756us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2628us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3028us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2544us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2547us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2695us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2777us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2764us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2604us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2582us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2568us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2909us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1917us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1626us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1568us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1610us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1561us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1799us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1686us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1794us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2783us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1568us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1506us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1509us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1527us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1910us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1495us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1560us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1525us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1508us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1545us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1551us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1485us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1559us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1491us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1682us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2221us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2323us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2382us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2424us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2289us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2260us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2466us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2242us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2239us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2156us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2121us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1516us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2202us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2197us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2180us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2123us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2179us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2246us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2267us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2193us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2193us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2173us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2083us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2072us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2510us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1387us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1368us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1333us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1340us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1456us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1355us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1332us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1328us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1332us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1316us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1337us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3476us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1795us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1335us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1402us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1400us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1321us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1486us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1412us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1500us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1374us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1304us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1330us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1332us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1324us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1498us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1396us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1327us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1290us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1299us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1323us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1333us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1288us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1317us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1303us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1297us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1342us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1684us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1332us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1275us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1279us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1282us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1301us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1281us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1386us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1718us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1342us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1271us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1383us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1893us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1509us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1708us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1447us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1524us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1742us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2031us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2091us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1530us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1973us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1746us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1550us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2045us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2064us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2069us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2058us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2495us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2016us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1965us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1836us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1454us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1622us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1640us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1802us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1642us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1613us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1434us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1344us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1303us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1245us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1014us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1133us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1049us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1109us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 788us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1072us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1000us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1461us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1348us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1744us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1191us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1436us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1207us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1331us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/DeltaBlue.grace: iterations=200 average: 2476us total: 495315us



Total Runtime:495315us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5343125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1250096us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 953813us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 859951us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 690647us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 262520us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236748us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 222106us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 256698us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 272239us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240841us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 246664us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242227us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 233112us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 280042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 270730us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 237783us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 228343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242246us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 312008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 326918us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 336895us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 293882us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 250494us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 250083us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 231353us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242649us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 270975us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 235660us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 257111us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 231212us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 237885us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 234850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 226642us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 266279us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236585us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 256759us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 243520us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 241868us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 241820us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230657us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 272389us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 231949us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239803us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 245641us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 235508us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 254570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 234493us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 249698us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 260711us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 234753us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 247735us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236551us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240500us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 248185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 243454us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236549us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 247364us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229785us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229282us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 227204us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 253735us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 261976us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 246623us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 246139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229763us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 218856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 241583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 255634us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242763us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229315us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230680us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 228701us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229259us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239237us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238596us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 257538us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229972us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 221288us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 245071us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 225014us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 250409us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238327us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 251809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240678us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 235330us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 247782us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220767us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 272840us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 228968us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 261859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 243989us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230189us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239239us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 217858us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 241855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 252444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240111us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 252239us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 223962us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 237723us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220788us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 259082us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 225809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 228931us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236126us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 231191us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 231618us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230276us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 221444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240102us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230358us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236001us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230693us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 224450us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238199us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 221428us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 237962us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220594us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 232591us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 237757us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 228605us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242463us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230726us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230546us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 226530us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 231134us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 217248us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239048us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230726us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 233586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230815us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 224163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238598us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 233487us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 237247us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229295us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238251us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 224595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 227046us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229536us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 228092us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 224108us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 234842us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229180us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 233978us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229426us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 225839us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236347us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 223786us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238387us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220637us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 231587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 241496us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 226998us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239654us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 227494us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 233631us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230793us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 235055us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236073us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229989us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 234866us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 233680us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 224728us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239554us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220196us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242050us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 234162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 229104us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 239690us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 226918us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 241327us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 221638us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 232154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 226039us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 233626us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 230498us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 245525us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 256597us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 226420us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 238410us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 221599us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242663us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240844us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 252615us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 246886us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Havlak.grace: iterations=200 average: 278606us total: 55721316us



Total Runtime:55721316us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 245906us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 90458us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 81328us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 84284us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43652us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47936us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 71972us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 49507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45710us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53105us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 40729us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41243us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46664us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 44532us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 40783us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47520us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 50347us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41731us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31766us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31547us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27286us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28526us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28932us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29789us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28785us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28471us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30630us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26062us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 25451us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16290us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15245us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14966us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14834us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14768us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14033us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13543us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13480us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 136316us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16934us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15819us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13504us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13007us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10355us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10250us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10324us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10190us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10043us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10055us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9995us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10087us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10645us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11188us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13441us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13373us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10133us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10102us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9947us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9978us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10053us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10043us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10037us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10467us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10506us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10279us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11196us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11588us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12537us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12534us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16220us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10083us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10036us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10109us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10129us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10298us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10110us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10455us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10605us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10066us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10810us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 11115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10200us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10954us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10087us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10406us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10625us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10124us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10760us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10649us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12436us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16065us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17990us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13880us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13659us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12598us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8759us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8262us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8319us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8273us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8319us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6048us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6727us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6000us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5408us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5352us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5642us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5362us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5180us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5398us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5152us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5518us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5113us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5088us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5403us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5346us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5111us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5436us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5327us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5054us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6932us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5033us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8615us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5418us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5029us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5056us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5355us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5034us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5016us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5413us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4977us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4885us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4776us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4797us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5051us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5679us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5449us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5044us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6303us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5832us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5759us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5090us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4998us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4922us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5080us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5362us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4793us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7551us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5961us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6563us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6636us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6286us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7896us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7566us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7786us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8212us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8131us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8196us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8075us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6619us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8032us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4716us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6186us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8302us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4843us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7443us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7508us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6395us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5725us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6102us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6060us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5949us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5943us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6034us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4801us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5350us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5921us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6569us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Json.grace: iterations=200 average: 15867us total: 3173550us



Total Runtime:3173550us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 534897us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 290787us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 235315us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 243055us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 192546us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 175309us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 160225us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 241294us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 52480us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53523us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 56579us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 61054us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38238us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38274us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 37863us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39721us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41974us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3153us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3178us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3393us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3166us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3106us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3113us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3346us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3105us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3083us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3096us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3338us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3077us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3105us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3092us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3358us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3116us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3380us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3115us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3126us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3110us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3089us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3080us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4443us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5349us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3030us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4314us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5228us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5056us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5062us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5219us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5049us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5048us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5195us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5135us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4944us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5363us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5103us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3030us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2991us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3245us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3019us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2983us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3009us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2980us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2980us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3193us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2995us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2985us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3335us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3101us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3064us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3050us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3030us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3498us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3375us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3032us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3226us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3390us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3382us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3338us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3051us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3036us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3032us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3044us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3035us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3492us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3083us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3107us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3098us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3098us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3110us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3116us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3269us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3097us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3093us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3051us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3038us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3031us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3418us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3122us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3104us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3099us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4654us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3836us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4736us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4069us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3224us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4174us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3097us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3981us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3394us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3512us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3053us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3096us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3081us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3084us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3055us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3063us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3061us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3081us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3202us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3059us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3429us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3065us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4186us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3112us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3590us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3552us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3365us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3632us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3204us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3756us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3642us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3096us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3123us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3116us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3088us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3107us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3046us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3053us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3036us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3019us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3016us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3503us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5013us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5074us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5040us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5055us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4659us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5072us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5055us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5061us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3042us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3022us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3015us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3466us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3112us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3084us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3061us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Richards.grace: iterations=200 average: 15859us total: 3171836us



Total Runtime:3171836us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1250463us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 706853us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 425581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 264464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 172634us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 224742us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 40138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 38142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 47370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42673us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42930us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33786us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34510us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 45461us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46607us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 42015us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34194us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34117us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34313us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33064us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34475us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36338us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33389us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35971us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39305us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 40225us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35625us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36236us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32740us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33015us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36528us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32491us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32945us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 41706us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 39210us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 35040us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 51090us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 55341us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46017us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33764us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 37767us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34856us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33744us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32739us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31640us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27503us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31282us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31505us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31326us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26431us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 25683us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26728us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27555us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32776us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 25811us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22632us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23135us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23436us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28352us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23029us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23290us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22680us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22731us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22974us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22374us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22891us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22636us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22387us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22880us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22801us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22617us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22749us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22904us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29819us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29246us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 37434us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22720us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29510us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23741us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27714us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24271us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22909us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22617us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22751us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22912us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23740us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23191us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23735us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23016us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23055us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23263us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22790us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23254us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26656us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23032us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23672us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22813us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23447us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22852us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22906us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28624us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23007us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22734us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22891us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22716us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23341us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23114us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22376us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23101us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23112us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22630us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26633us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24364us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23044us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23387us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24997us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26448us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 36254us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26880us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23051us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23230us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23500us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22974us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23190us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22857us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24837us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24504us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24635us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22859us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22905us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23387us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23674us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22888us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23251us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22734us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22388us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22908us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22700us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23226us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23026us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23071us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31506us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24559us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29820us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23427us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22916us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22753us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23248us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22492us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22678us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23305us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22447us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22844us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22745us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22683us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23108us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24277us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23317us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23565us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27130us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27004us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23210us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22772us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22932us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23003us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22919us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23566us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28466us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30012us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27786us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34059us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22880us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23279us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23221us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22861us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23510us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23201us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23342us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22967us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22531us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23466us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23310us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23045us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/GraphSearch.grace: iterations=200 average: 41804us total: 8360992us



Total Runtime:8360992us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 54280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16086us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19317us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 46871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8019us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7267us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7137us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7096us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7274us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7414us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7345us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7527us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7403us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7036us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8107us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9429us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10596us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10780us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9740us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6900us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7646us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8996us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8499us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6701us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12869us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10629us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7327us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10208us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9416us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8869us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3723us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3636us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3979us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4549us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7244us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6801us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6403us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6611us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5882us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6491us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7853us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3879us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4992us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5901us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6216us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5655us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6221us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6198us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6399us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6381us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6328us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6579us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4359us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4517us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4466us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4211us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4262us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4235us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4246us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4246us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6950us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4261us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4387us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4419us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3200us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3148us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3129us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2903us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1817us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1792us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1795us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1852us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1804us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1829us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1993us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1827us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1812us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1886us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1844us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1844us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2273us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2201us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1896us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2052us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2582us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2668us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2046us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2459us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2519us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2566us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2545us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2544us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2541us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2597us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2512us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5048us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1797us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2202us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1819us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1792us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1787us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1846us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1827us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1807us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1790us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1791us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2188us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1807us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1815us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1797us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1880us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1837us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1800us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1819us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1812us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2218us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1843us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1841us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1794us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1793us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1800us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2209us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1487us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1496us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1472us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1462us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1466us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1461us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1479us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1506us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1636us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2273us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2015us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1608us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1483us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1479us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1490us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1573us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1487us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1569us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1465us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1480us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1516us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1657us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1696us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1736us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1739us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1801us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1780us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9370us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1498us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1491us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1473us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1615us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1765us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1473us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1456us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1563us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1779us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1721us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1696us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1703us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1786us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1902us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1075us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1086us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1087us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1067us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1070us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1104us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1072us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1072us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1093us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1064us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1125us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/SpectralNorm.grace: iterations=200 average: 4288us total: 857640us



Total Runtime:857640us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8561us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1069us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 871us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 830us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 782us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 733us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 552us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 993us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 623us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 515us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 579us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 439us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 500us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 433us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 664us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 404us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 410us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 495us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 435us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 397us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 348us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 375us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 360us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 374us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 339us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 297us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 295us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 384us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 504us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 372us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 264us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 263us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4039us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 341us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 260us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 277us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 252us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 296us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 252us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 247us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 261us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 260us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 262us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 352us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 262us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 232us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 255us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 280us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 343us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 395us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 211us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 221us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 212us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 200us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 218us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 205us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 209us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 212us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 211us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 191us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 204us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 204us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 199us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 193us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 202us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 186us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 186us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 203us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 187us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 242us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 179us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 184us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 319us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 179us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 196us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 166us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 175us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 172us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 176us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 182us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 170us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 220us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 244us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 168us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 228us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 166us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 240us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 180us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 190us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 166us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 190us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 208us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 161us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 177us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 167us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 166us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 154us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 236us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 171us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 163us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 148us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 173us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 144us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 149us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 141us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 139us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 140us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 142us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 156us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 148us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 145us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 341us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 152us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 176us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 134us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Float.grace: iterations=200 average: 302us total: 60508us



Total Runtime:60508us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 326391us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 162712us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 134362us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 141417us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 124298us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 101246us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 76923us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 67537us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 67058us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 62448us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 68082us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 72095us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 62678us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 63982us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 146898us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 51097us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 51224us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 53274us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 59090us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 51897us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 44150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31106us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28569us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28048us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 32023us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28469us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30175us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26426us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21477us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21508us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 20948us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19527us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21848us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33483us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27836us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19672us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19524us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19248us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19661us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 20052us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 19715us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28692us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24546us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 25884us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 31314us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21803us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 33189us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30772us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 25312us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 25658us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 34578us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30178us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30295us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30258us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27881us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 26119us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16751us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16524us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29915us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27741us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 28296us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 27621us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 18193us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17117us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17277us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22210us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16609us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15331us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15012us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22247us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14338us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14178us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14118us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14025us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14226us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14169us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14228us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14093us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14118us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14076us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14291us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14270us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14690us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16070us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14782us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14093us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21290us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14473us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13765us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14103us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14446us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15537us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16199us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14389us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14295us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13980us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15219us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22747us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13762us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14155us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14828us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13928us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13793us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13773us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13911us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13732us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13628us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13759us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13627us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13667us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13688us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21685us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13453us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13401us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13482us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13767us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14270us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14444us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14719us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14176us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 15357us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13519us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13545us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13561us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13758us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13814us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13651us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 24775us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13651us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13179us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13462us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13425us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13488us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13380us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13113us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13465us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13550us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14136us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14459us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14378us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14424us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14752us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22577us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22889us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 23008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22049us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16837us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14051us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14811us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 13877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14108us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14200us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14298us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14898us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14940us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16152us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14475us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 14392us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 30781us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 22099us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10685us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8791us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7864us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9924us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8717us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7725us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8143us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7741us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7641us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7781us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8429us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8157us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7591us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7643us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7624us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7911us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7558us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7842us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7572us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7518us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7828us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7812us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7646us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7820us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7775us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Go.grace: iterations=200 average: 24839us total: 4967959us



Total Runtime:4967959us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 16408us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3264us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3182us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2680us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2701us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2575us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2243us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2137us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2127us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2098us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2006us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1911us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1722us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1516us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1698us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1499us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1474us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1435us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1302us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1437us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1383us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1573us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1467us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1423us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1407us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1348us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1358us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1356us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1344us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1353us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1274us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1356us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1236us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1379us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1215us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1404us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 29896us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1105us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1070us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1057us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1390us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1069us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1060us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1008us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 988us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 904us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 944us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1028us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 941us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 964us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 927us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 952us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 627us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 750us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 632us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 712us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 605us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 662us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 671us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 612us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 622us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 634us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 600us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 611us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 606us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 598us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1047us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 646us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 600us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 633us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 609us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 621us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 614us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 660us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 588us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 606us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 607us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 645us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 626us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 607us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 605us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 584us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 584us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 632us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 620us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 588us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 589us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 582us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 592us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 582us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 777us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 591us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 830us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 629us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 589us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 602us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 632us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 622us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 587us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 598us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 598us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 615us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 600us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 585us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 608us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 886us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 580us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 606us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 581us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 639us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 588us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 628us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 602us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 585us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 579us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 567us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 567us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 574us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 577us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 568us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 595us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 568us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 582us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 579us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 566us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 574us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 564us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 582us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 572us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 566us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 563us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 586us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 602us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 569us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 558us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 573us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 579us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 560us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 575us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 569us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 555us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 567us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 559us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 588us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 583us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 569us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 576us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 551us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 555us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 567us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 543us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 540us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 562us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 541us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 553us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 563us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 544us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 551us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 544us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 556us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 542us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 609us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 617us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 623us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 622us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 615us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 677us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 544us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 541us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 575us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 555us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 549us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 601us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 535us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 536us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 533us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 531us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 534us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/PyStone.grace: iterations=200 average: 1098us total: 219718us



Total Runtime:219718us
Start grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace benchmark ...
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 59900us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 21216us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 17636us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 43712us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9908us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9576us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10621us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10098us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9486us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9362us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9533us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9442us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9764us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 9236us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12269us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 12464us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8821us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8697us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8746us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8751us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8774us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8812us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8838us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8865us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8667us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8642us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8669us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8656us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 10902us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8479us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8593us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8647us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8943us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8670us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8667us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8666us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 8628us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6078us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5755us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5102us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5589us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5321us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6098us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6138us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5199us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5249us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5391us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5151us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5403us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6534us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5182us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5068us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5243us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5086us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5068us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5230us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5094us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5158us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5230us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5104us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5415us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 6073us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5558us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4369us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3980us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4147us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4049us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3984us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3987us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4146us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4033us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4048us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4181us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 7123us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4002us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3414us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3585us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3195us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3185us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3178us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3231us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3570us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3184us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3213us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3159us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3342us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3604us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3277us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3677us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3007us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2987us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3372us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3017us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3023us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3023us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2961us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2980us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3637us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3028us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3110us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3100us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3034us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3387us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3005us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2993us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3022us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3053us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3390us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3353us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3867us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3203us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4164us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3711us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 3832us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2293us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2286us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2616us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2315us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2230us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2292us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2288us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2245us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2240us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2803us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 4610us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1855us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1901us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1850us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1817us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1824us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2324us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1827us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1854us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1838us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1931us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1877us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1840us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1812us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2150us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1806us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2103us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1794us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1848us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1801us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1798us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1805us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1805us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2160us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1841us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1791us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1779us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1789us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1755us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1797us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1778us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1760us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2210us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1772us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2350us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1756us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1754us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1795us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1780us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1785us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2208us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1798us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1789us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2422us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1872us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1798us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1754us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1760us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1922us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2235us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1770us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1761us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1775us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1829us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1780us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1761us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1829us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1847us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2199us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1837us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1784us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1803us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1755us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1773us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1833us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1770us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2165us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1786us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1816us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1809us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1782us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1761us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 5507us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 2281us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=1 runtime: 1786us
grace-lib/Benchmarks/Snake.grace: iterations=200 average: 4727us total: 945532us



Total Runtime:945532us
